Consider a white wall partly cast in shadow. The part of the white wall cast in shadow appears differently from the part directly illuminated, yet all of the parts appear to be uniformly white. How are we to characterize the difference? Though the parts are uniformly colored they differ in apparent color. Moreover this, Noë insists, is a chromatic difference. The apparent color of the shadowed wall is some shade of gray. Noë offers two reaons. Neither are convincing.

First, Noë appeals to the difference in brightness between the shadowed parts and the parts that are directly illuminated:

> You also see that the wall is brighter here, where it falls in direct sunlight, than it is there, where it falls in shadow. Differences in brightness, however, mean differences in color. You see the uniformity of color despite the evident non-uniformity of different parts of the wall's surface.

The reasoning can seem to turn on an equivocation. It is true that the wall is brighter where it is directly illuminated where "brightness", here, means the intensity of the light reflected by the white wall in direct sunlight. However, Noë needs to understand "brightness" as a dimension of color similarity and difference, if he is to argue from a difference in brightness to a difference in color. Unfortunately these distinct senses of brightness come apart. Consider viewing a page of black print on white paper, first indoors, then outside in daylight. The intensity of the light reflected by the white area of the page indoors is approximately the same as the intensity of the light reflected by the black print in sunlight. (Kaiser and Boynton, 1996, 199) Despite being equally bright, in the sense that the reflected light is equally intense, the apparent color differs in chromatic brightness---the surrounding white when viewed indoors seems brighter than the black print viewed in daylight.

Perhaps, Noë thinks that it is evident that wall in direct sunlight is brighter not only in intensity of reflected light, but also chromatically brighter, at least with respect to its apparent color. Is this really evident? He offers the following consideration:

> Consider that although we can perceive a wall that is illuminated unevenly as uniform in color, it is also the case that when a wall is in this way illuminated unevenly, it is also visibly different with respect to color across its surface. For example to match the color of different parts of the wall, you would need different color chips. 

Since we can match a gray chip to how the shadowed wall appears, the apparent color of the shadowed wall is gray. But what kind of a matching task are we engaged in? Suppose you are looking at the wall in question and you interpose the chip so that their apparent color may be compared. You might say that the wall looks gray, but it would wrong to conclude that he shadowed wall and the chip share the same apparent color, for their would remain a visual difference. Austin (1962, 49) makes the point this way:

> Again, it is simply not true to say that seeing a bright green after-image against a white wall is exactly like seeing a bright green patch actually on the wall; or that seeing a white wall through blue spectacles is exactly like seeing a blue wall; or that seeing pink rats in D.T.s is exactly like really seeing pink rats; or (once again) that seeing a stick refracted in water is exactly like seeing a bent stick. In all these cases we may *say* the same things ('It looks blue', 'It looks bent', &c.), but this is no reason at all for denying the obvious fact that the 'experiences' are different.

Perhaps, Noë had a different model of the matching task in mind. Perhaps we are to match the color of the chip to the shadowed part of a pictured wall. Say we took a colored photograph of the wall. The photgraph is a distribution of colors across a two-dimensional plane. Suppose we match the color of the chip to the color that occurs at that portion of the picture that corresponds to the 
